# Description
The experiment is to check the expression of serotype AAV1 packed iAChSnFR/GACh3.0 mix with AAV1 packed cre-dependent (ChAT-cre) mCherry label in mouse striatum. Besides, the acute brain slices were used for optimizing camera parameters. 
# Key Findings
1. The injection of mixing two vectors is available. However, the expression of the red fluorescence remain low and seems independent to volumes of injection.
2. The green fluorescence of iAChSnFR is stronger than the GACh 3.0


# Data Summary
## 0. System Info
- Gimli
## 1. What animal was used?
### Animal Info
Animal ID: neoChAT-292
Owner: Kang
SEX: Female
DOB: 2023-01-19
DOD: 2023-06-13
DOI: 2023-04-19
Age: 20 weeks
Incubated: 7 weeks

Injection Information
Volume: 100 nl 1:1 mixture
- Right: AAV1-ihSyn-tTA-sv40/TRE-iAChSnFR-minWPRE (008) + AAV1-hSyn-DIO-mCherry (028)
- Left: AAV1-ihSyn-GRAB_ACh3.0 (121922) + AAV1-hSyn-DIO-mCherry (028)

> [!caution] Correct information of used animal
> The original animal used for the day and recorded in the animal sheet (on sharepoints/copied to mLIMS) was neoChAT-291. However, after checking my lab book of surgery, I found the injection date of neoChAT-291 is June 23, 2023 and is mismatched. Therefore, I search the lab book and found that neoChAT-292 which injected on April 19, 2023 should be the right one. The neoChAT-291 should be used in July 22, 2023 (switched with neoChAT-292).


## 2. The exposure times (2000ms and 200 ms) of the camera are too long to see the dynamics.

## 3. Some information is missing
- Driving level of LED
- Magnification (objective lens) of acquired images
- IRDIC images
## 4. The number of total frames (30 -> 15) is too less to see the dynamics.
The original imaging data contain dark frames in odd orders which caused by mismatched light source and camera triggering. I fixed them by imageJ/Fiji (on Jul 31, 2025), but the sampling rate is down to 0.25 or 2.5 Hz.

## 5. The filenames of the imaging and recording files are unified. Besides, the conditions of recordings are logged inside each ".rec" file, respectively.
- The re-naming was done on Aug 4, 2025.

## 6. The intensities of mCherry fluorescence are all weak (600 ~ 700 counts), similar to my recent results.
Consider that the volume of mixture is 100 nl, the vector volume of mCherry is around 50 nl. My recent injection of mCherry which has volume around 150 nl (half of 300 nl mixture) showed similar expression.