---
Established: 2025-03-19
Last Updated: 2025-05-09
Descriptions: To discuss how to set up my patch clamp system for measuring extracellular potentials of striatal ChIs
---
# Feedbacks from people (who viewed the slides)
- Jeff
	- The electric signals I'm going to record is called "single-unit recording". It is not loose-patch.
		- *Investigation Needed!
	- The mode I should use is current clamp. Both I=0 and IC are fine, but I=0 is safer.
	- For Primary Output, use the config "100x AC Membrane Potential (100 mV/mV)"
	- The value of "Gain" in Primary Output should be set maybe 20 or 100
	- The Bessel filter settings should be at least in kilohertz range because the period of spikes or the field potential are in millisecond-range (kHz).
	- To search the signals, I can first put the pipette on the surface of the slice, and then "listen" to the tick sounds come from "Primary Output".
	- The sound of noises is like "sh..."
	- The confirmed schedules of this experiment
		- Thursday (2025-Mar-20)
			- Preparation works on hardware
				-  Find the audio monitor. Probably stored in the closet with sliding door in Olympus 2P room.
				-  Set MultiClamp and Clampex for simple recording
				-  Test the noises with oscilloscope
			- Prepare 1M NaCl as internal solution of pipette
			- Prepare recording solution for testing
			- The resistances of the patch-clamp pipette should be 5 or 10 $M\Omega$. When putting in the bath solution, I don't need to give a positive pressure. 
		- Friday (2025-Mar-21)
			-  Set up Zoom for Jeff
			- Prepare acute brain slices for testing
				- Selected animal
					- KC-neoChAT-Hom-13
					- (Right Side) 300 nl 1:1 mixture of 
						- AAV1-ihSyn-tTA-sv40/TRE-iAChSnFR-minWPRE
						- AAV1-hSyn-DIO-mCherry
					- (Left Side) 300 nl 1:1 mixture of 
						- AAV1-hSyn-GRAB_ACh3.0
						- AAV1-hSyn-DIO-mCherry

Jeet
- Try use minimal intensity and proper frequency of electric stimulations to prevent damaging the neurons
- *Maybe do I-V scanning at start of each acquisition to find out the proper pulses' currents and frequency*
# Notes of the slides
- p4 - 6 
	- Title: Q1. Multiclamp Settings - Mode
	- **Confirm if I should use I=0 clamping mode for EFP recording
	- p5, the snapshots of the three modes.
	- p6, to show the options of filter in "Bessel" and "Lowpass Filter". Since the options in "Bessel" are more. This supports my guess about using current clamp and recording Primary Output.
- p7 
	- Title: Q2. Multiclamp Settings - Gains of Headstage
	- Check if current setting is available for EFP recording.
- p8 - 9
	- Title: Q4. Multiclamp Settings – Primary and Secondary Outputs
	- **Check the config options (in pop-up menu) and Gain setting (an entry in the tab) in both Primary and Secondary Output
- p10 
	- Title: Q5. Set Clampex Protocol for Recording
	- **Check if my current Clampex protocol is usable.
- p11 - 12 
	- Title: Hardware Settings – Connections
	- **An aiding figures to support the explanation of how I trigger the whole system.
- p13
	- Title: Current Clampex Protocol (Trigger Time Diagram)
	- **To depict the temporal orders of the triggering events with pulse-train patterns
- p14
	- Title: Current Clampex Protocol (Mode/Rate)
	- To show the setting panel of Mode/Rate in the software Clampex
- p15
	- Title: Current Clampex Protocol (Waveform)
	- To show the setting panel of Waveform in the software Clampex
- p16
	- Title: Current Clampex Protocol (Pulse Train Explanation)
	- To explain how pulse are set in the Clampex software such as numbers of pulses and total time length
	- Maybe can discuss the proper gap lengths with Jeet.
- p17
	- Title: Q6. Schedule of Joint Experiment
	- Check Jeff's and my schedule
- p18
	- Title: Q7. Animal Selections
	- Select an proper animal for next test

# Details of the files in the folder
Mtg_WD_20250318
├── images
│   ├── digidata1440a_multiclamp700b_actual_connection.JPG
│   ├── figure_Mtg_MD_20250318.ai
│   ├── kang_hardware_connections.png
│   ├── Kitamura_stim_protocol_1_for_kang_long_stim.png
│   ├── Kitamura_stim_protocol_2_for_kang_pulse_train.png
│   ├── multiclamp_audio_options.PNG
│   ├── multiclamp_gain_options.PNG
│   ├── multiclamp_panel_IC.PNG
│   ├── multiclamp_panel_I_0.PNG
│   ├── multiclamp_panel_VC.PNG
│   ├── mutliclamp_Bassel_filter.PNG
│   ├── mutliclamp_Lowpass_filter.PNG
│   ├── pclamp_protocol_gapfree_5min_Mode Rate.PNG
│   ├── pclamp_protocol_gapfree_5min_Waveform.PNG
│   ├── pclamp_protocol_kang_long_sitm_Mode Rate.PNG
│   ├── pclamp_protocol_kang_long_stim_Waveform.PNG
│   ├── pclamp_protocol_kang_pulse_train_Mode Rate.PNG
│   ├── pclamp_protocol_kang_pulse_train_Waveform.PNG
│   ├── pluse_train_stimulation_setting_explanation.png
│   ├── Primary Output_options.png
│   ├── Secondary Output_options.png
│   └── time_diagram_of_pulse_train_protocol.png
├── Mtg_WD_20250318.md
└── Mtg_WD_20250318.pptx

1 directories, 24 files

# Log
## 2025-May-09
- Fix typos in the pptx file
- Modified the contents of notes of slides.
- Add Jeet's suggestions of patch-clamp stimulation
## 2025-Mar-19
- A note of experiment is created.