# Description
The experiment was mainly conducted by Jeff, Mao-Ting and I. We want to check if the functionality of hM3D(Gq) - the excitatory DREADD tool is working as CNO (clozapine-N-Oxide) is applied. The CNO is resolved in DMSO and then load into patch pipette so that we can use the Pneumatic Picopump PV830 to puff to the ChAT cells express red fluorescence (mCherry). The pure DMSO solvent was also used in puffing tests as the sham control.

# Key Findings
1. AAV5 packed iAChSnFR didn't express.
2. The injection is not hM3D-mCherry.
3. The sampling rate and total length of frames are too low to see the significant dynamics.


# Data Summary
## 0. System Info
- Gimli
## 1. Wrong mouse was used
### animal info
Animal ID: neoChAT-21
Owner: Gideon Sarpong
SEX: Male
DOB: 2021-06-02
DOD: 2021-12-13
DOI: 2021-11-19
Age: 29 weeks
Incubated: ~5 weeks

### wrong injection information
#### Injection Information in the recording excel sheet
- Right: AAV5-hsyn-X513V9+AAV1-hSyn-DIO-hM3D-mCherry
- Left: AAV5-hsyn-X513V9+AAV1-hSyn-DIO-hM3D-mCherry

#### However, after double checking the animal information (on 2025-Jul-31)
- on mLIMS (a screenshot image in folder "notes")
- with Gideon (in person)

#### The actual injections are
 - Right: AAV5-hsyn-X513V9+RCamp
 - Left: AAV5-hsyn-X513V9+RCamp

## 2. The serotype (AAV5) should have no expression
1. The fluorescence of X513V9 (iAChSnFR) of recorded imaging sequences are extremely weak.
2. Mao-Ting did immunostaining to check the expression of AAV5 packed iAChSnFR (compared to AAV1). The staining results showed no expression (check folder "virus tests").

## 3. Even injected with RCamp, the dynamics related to firing are not observable.
- The sampling rates are low (1 frame/second, 1 Hz)
- Puffing is applied over 30 seconds, and it generated motion artifacts.
