# Quantal Release of Neurotransmitters

## Chemical Transmission at Neuromuscular Junctions

The understanding of chemical transmission was initiated into the release of acetylcholine (ACh) at neuromuscular junctions. The synapses consists of spinal motor neurons and skeletal muscle cells are simple and large enough to be experimentally studied. The saucerlike shape of their synaptic specialization made them called end plates. Katz et al performed a series of experiments based on forg’s neuromuscular junctions. They found that when a presynaptic motor neuron is fired, a postsynaptic depolarization can be observed by intracellular microelectrode. This change of membrane potential is so called end plate potential (EPP). Usually, a EPP is larger enough to overcome the threshold of firing and then produces a firing action potential at postsynaptic muscle cells. The action potential makes the muscle fiber contract. The train of the neuromuscular transmission, motor nerve impulse → ACh → end plate potential → muscle cell impulse → contraction, was summarized by Eccles (1948), Hunt & Kuffler (1950), Rosenblueth (1950) as described in Fatt & Katz’s paper in 1951. Besides, in this paper, they reported an important finding which is the spontaneous membrane changes that are similar to the shape of EPP but with much smaller amiplitude (~ 1mV, an EPP is higher than 50 mV). In other words, even there is no electric stimulation, there still something depolarized the membrane potentials of muscle cells. These small membrane potential changes are called miniature end plate potentials (MEPPs).

## The Discovery of Quantal Release

In the experiments of measuring EPPs, it was common to use low Ca2+ concentration medium solution to avoid microelectrode deviation caused by muscle contraction. This also means the EPPs will not break the threshold and can be measured precisely. The relation between MEPPs and EPPs was examined cautiously by Katz and his colleaus Jose del Castillo. Surpisingly, they found the stastatics of EPPs responded to the stimulation have certain regulation in the number of of EPPs at certain amplitudes. It seems like the peaks of EPP amlitudes tend to occur in integer multples of the mean amplitude of MEPPs. These “quantal fluctuation” indicated that the EPPs are made from unitary events represented by MEPPs. The idea also confirmed that the acetylcholine does release in discrete packets, each release is equal to a MEPPs. Later study about synaptic vesicles of ACh further reinforce the idea.