# Description
The experiment was designed to test the influence of bleaching trends related to intensity of LED (LV3, LV6, LV9). Further, figure out the best puffing conditions with several conditions like diameters of pipettes, pressure settings. Meanwhile, different concentration of ACh were applied to test the response of iAChSnFR. The series of experiments are using for generate ACh responses for developing imaging processing programes (MATLAB, Python)
# Key Findings
1. The gaseous puffing pressure is not stable, need to use low pressure (4 psi) and low pulse-width (<30ms) to avoid strong motion artifact under 60X observation. However, to have observable/significant ACh response in iAChSnFR signals, the proper concentration still need to be determined.
2. The level of non-linear bleaching trend decreased depends on the intensity of LED. LV3, almost linear; LV6, 15 secs, LV9, 10 secs.

# Data Summary
## 0. System
- Frodo

## 1. Animal
Animal ID: nChAT-84
Owner: Kang
SEX: Male
DOB: 2023-11-22
DOD: 2024-05-11
DOI: 2023-04-25
Age: 24 weeks
Incubated: 2 weeks

## 2. Pre-bleaching may be a good way to reduce the influence in observing ACh responses.
- 0000, 0001, 0002 are the three levels of LED which illuminated the same striatal area under 10X magnifications. By roughly check the three curves, I think 15~20 seconds are good for pre-bleaching.

## 3. Motion artifact issues
- from 0016 and 0018 (same diameter, same pressure setting, different pulse-width), we see motion artifacts in 0016. This means the 30ms maybe too long even applied the lowest pressure.
- form 0017 and 0018 (same diameter, same pressure setting, same pulse-width, different ACh concentration). We see no motion artifact in both imaging sequences. However, only the 10mM showed response in ACh signals.
- The 80 um pipette is extremely large which was not able to get in tissues. Maybe need further tests using regular diameter (patch-clamp pipette) to find out the optimized ACh concentration and pulse-width under lowest pressure setting.

## 4. Contains 6-tile of 10X slice imaging sets (for montage)
